Ouch.
Isn't this our great scientist Qin Feng?
What a great scientist
He is a liar
Qin Feng
I thought you were going to be honest and shrunk
Turtle, I didn't expect you to dare to come here today
Envelope
They brought a robot from the island country
Smash the venue today's press conference
Don't worry.
Today's press conference will definitely be held normally.
Held normally
brother-in-law
You want to hold a press conference with a broken phone
wishful thinking
Didn't you say that the technology of our island country
Why don't you France?
Do you have a robot?
Hey
The technology that passes by is definitely not comparable to that of island countries
How is it possible to have such cutting-edge technology?
Hey, gorgeous, there's not even a robot.
What do you use to prove his technological content?
If you want me to see this release cabinet, don't open it
It's just a robot.
Who said we didn't?
Ouch.
Breeze
Where do we have any robots?
Don't talk nonsense, you heard it
He didn't have any.
Diffin, your wife told you all about you
No, what did you say back?
A mobile phone company
How is it possible to develop any robots?
It seems that today's press conference
I'm afraid that won't work out.
Striker, did you hear what everyone said?
Since there are no robots
I think you can cancel this press conference, hahahaha.
Military, if you kneel now
An apology to the entire scientific community on this island
I might consider
Let you continue to hold the release planning, eh?
It depends on who kneels first
Xiaoxue